Only assign value of number to numeric if number is bool (#262)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-random: CHANGELOG.md

## 3.3.1 (June 07, 2022)

BUG FIXES:

> * resource/random_password: Only assign value of number to numeric when value is boolean ([262](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/pull/262))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* resource/random_password: During schema upgrade, copy value of attribute `number` to attribute `numeric`, only if said value is a boolean (i.e. not `null`) ([262](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/pull/262))
```

> * resource/random_string: Only assign value of number to numeric when value is boolean ([262](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/pull/262))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* resource/random_string: During schema upgrade, copy value of attribute `number` to attribute `numeric`, only if said value is a boolean (i.e. not `null`) ([262](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-provider-random/pull/262))
```
